How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
diff function helps in finding differences between two files. so if we have a file with proper
code we can use it to finnd bug in other files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
if the changes made in the file are not suitable or sommehow it gets corrupted,we can easily restore  to previous 
version and get our problems sorted.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
manual-
pros
commit with your own choice
not committiing after evry change
cons
had to find excat time to commit(logical time)
auto
pros
no worry about committing
cons
to many commits can cause difficulty in recovering previous changes

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
saving all files at one commit can help  when all files are co related and it is like taking snapshot at that time.  if only 1 file changes are done redundancy may increease but its okay

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log can be used to see changes made while git diff can be used to see what differences are done and also the location of changes made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
even if new version introduces bug in the program, we can easily restore to our older version and get back the original working file

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
version control

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
git init is used to initialize  git repository,at beginning zero commits are there, git status is used to see status of git . git repository is created to track the changes in you files.